add-ec2-credential-warning (#156)
syseleven/grav-docs-syseleven-stack: user/pages/04.Reference/05.object-storage/docs.en.md

!! **Important note**
!! Since the authentication service is centralised, the credentials created have access to SEOS/S3 in all regions.
!! Access to a specific region is gained by defining different storage backend URLs.

> !! The credentials can also be used "backwards" to create a token for the user owning the credentials, thus with the access/secret key pair it is possible to gain access to OpenStack resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!! EC2 credentials are not restricted to use on SEOS/S3 resources, they can also be used to create a token for the user owning the credentials, thus providing full access to all OpenStack resources that the user that created the EC2 credentials has access to. This is not a privilege escalation, it is (although probably unexpectedly) designed that way. Handle your EC2 credentials with the same caution as your OpenStack credentials.
```
